beauty guys who play with one more
video lesson on that day she will show the
You will reveal you and some
some ways to make money on
The internet in this classroom is showing
The first method is not that the method that
I in my opinion more efficient is that
through google adsense
that is, through ads from your
products are video the site in other
cultures of the classroom is showing the
you as other forms also
to make money off google
adsense
So let's start classes in relation to
if you have a channel on youtube with
videos and content were felt me or
either can not have music can not have
video can not have the image you use
without the right to use the
I do not know that this is totally yours.
that is if you have a video there with
a song from another other person you
need to have the right to put it there
your video and if the content of your
videos totally I always felt your
that you might be monetizing them
to make money
so I'll talk you introduce the
google before it's more or less so you
will be the video the video totally yours
posted on youtube
then a company is not a certain
company paid by youtube to insert
ads on that video on youtube stays
with the part of another part for you
has a certain percentage that I do not
I know very well how it is but this money that is
paid is divided
I'm not sure exactly how much you
wins in each view is too little
is almost zero
so the more actions you have
you will win
remembering that these videos must have
simple content in your content
simply original made with you
so I'll show you some
ad types
on youtube is that it is the first non
is that you have the first ad here that
appears on the side of the video and has another
what's called over why years over
the position that he stands as his own
name says about tax on video
when you reach this account to
immunize these ads in activated by
you keep your video and
he already entered there in your video is already
if the person clicks on your
advertisement you will make more money
you earn more than you would earn
hurrying to apply
and has another form also another kind of
advertisement called true goes or something
so it's a short video that appears
before the original video that the person has
that watch for at least five seconds
He then jumped and then
ignore it
ie the person making the video is
Thank you to watch five seconds of this.
ad video and after five
seconds, she chooses to skip the
advertisement if I keep seeing this it would not
he pays a little more than the others
the side and put on also the
person to click on it you will also win
more than if the person only sees
so youtube is basically this
now on your website in your blog that
may come from another form of varied
sizes , styles like the timãozinho
tecund site exists two on top and
another on the side we also have this
example over the side also
you can have websites or blogs that appear
in the middle of the text
if you are thinking of doing
content to Internet to win
money but they have no ideas and even
some suggestions to do have in
youtube for example of several categories
have video lessons have blog has if you have
another likes motorbike can do the
motor log
comedy channels it to a website has
a humorous site that is pumping a lot
now download websites movie site
online
everything is generating on many visitors
now has some important points that
I will make it clear that forced the
It's good that you're doing it first.
first serve you have to have
minimum 1 100 reais 100 dollars obtained
on google hit either in your account
google the addition will be done first
when you are 100
dollars
when you reach your first yes
dollar you will have to enter your
bank information for the future
future, that is, it will have to win
that the savings account occurs the payment
will be done is one month after your account
get the ecdc example if last month
get 50 dollar and that same
getting 160 is going to give a total of 110
dollars or be that god in dollar
then by the end of next month it will be done
the payment of the gains obtained earlier
this month and you will get an example of
earn a very high value
you may have to go to your bank
and sign a there rate agreement
exchange saying that you agree
with a fee that is charged to make the
dollar money exchange for real
some banks charge fees and are absurd
so it's very good to search the internet
before which is the bank there that is more in
account for you when you have
Doing Your Google Adsense Signup
You have to fill in the
fields with true information because
at the time you know it to your
bank details at the address of your account
in google adsense address and others
also has to agree to a
with the other
and when you hit a certain
when a certain amount if I do not
$ 50 cheat and will be sent to
your home, that is to learn the one that
you put there a registration you were
doing more nightclubs registration sent
for there a letter containing a code
called a hippie and single contains
some letters that you must insert
on the sides to prove that that address
It's yours, you have to be over 18 years old.
to make your account in google adsense
at the time you have differentials
bank information will ask for the code
swift in this swift code is a code of
more or less 10 lyrics that you have
pick up at your bank branch or
you will have the courage and will ask the
swift code it then I do not know if it
each agent has one or each bank
I have the same but I know some.
people who did get this code
swift over the internet and the pending account
until today it can not change the code
swift and do not even withdraw money
I was in the account withheld
so it's important and you're sure of what
Is doing
when you send a video to the
youtube initially it will stay in
period of more than one year .
or less a day or two it will stay
with the dark dollar sign and I warned you
is under review
if it is approved it will show a
dollar sign appeared
only white informing that only
side and if it is rejected appeared
rejected monetization notice or
for some reason the club did not accept his
video
Good, I hope you left and everything.
Very clear to you, I forgot to
some detail please let us know
comments
await new videos on how to win
money on the internet sign up
The channel counted until the next